README.md, before:

# HEYYY It's me Ethan...
Hi, I'm Ethan and I started (ing) Studios. I make [**YouTube**](https://youtube.com/@ai-turtle) videos. I also programme stuff so as a result I never touch grass. Just a web developer? Maybe? I also make CLIs such as my [**Terminal Task Manager**](https://github.com/ingStudiosOfficial/terminaltaskmanager). I also do some Python stuff, Jupyter notebooks. I also developed some Chrome Extensions such as [**InfiniteCopy**](https://github.com/ing-Studios-Web-Labs/infinitecopy) and [**LauncherTab**](https://github.com/ing-Studios-Web-Labs/launchertab). All my web projects (my favourite stuff to do) can be found [**here**](https://github.com/ing-Studios-Web-Labs). Thanks for reading, open to dev requests and happy to contribute, just email me at [**ingstudiosofficial@gmail.com**](mailto:ingstudiosofficial@gmail.com?subject=Developer%20Request).

![GitHub Card](https://githubcard.com/ingstudiosofficial.svg)

![Top Languages](https://githubcard.com/ingstudiosofficial.svg?d=65FEP4Ep)

[![Discord Presence](https://lanyard.cnrad.dev/api/1128648335096549487)](https://discord.com/users/1128648335096549487)

**Check out my portfolio ➡️ [https://leethana.is-a.dev](https://leethana.is-a.dev)**

## What I have made so far
1. [**ProperScript**](https://github.com/ingStudiosOfficial/properscript)
2. [**LauncherTab**](https://github.com/ing-Studios-Web-Labs/launchertab)
3. [**Vyntr for Desktop**](https://github.com/ingStudiosOfficial/vyntrdesktop)
4. More of my published projects below in my collection of repos!

## What I'm working on
I'm working on an Extension called [**LauncherTab**](https://github.com/ing-Studios-Web-Labs/launchertab). Also just mixing some other stuff up, such as [**Cordfriend AI**](https://github.com/ingStudiosOfficial/cordfriendai).

# Thanks for all your support :p

[Cool game](https://github.com/czl9707/gh-space-shooter)

![My GitHub Game](ingStudiosOfficial-gh-space-shooter.gif)

Commit message:

Revise README with new projects and links
Updated project list and added new portfolio link.

README.md, after:

# HEYYY It's me Ethan...
Hi, I'm Ethan and I started (ing) Studios. I make [**YouTube**](https://youtube.com/@ai-turtle) videos. I also programme stuff so as a result I never touch grass. Just a web developer? Maybe? I also make CLIs such as my [**Terminal Task Manager**](https://github.com/ingStudiosOfficial/terminaltaskmanager). I also do some Python stuff, Jupyter notebooks. I also developed some Chrome Extensions such as [**InfiniteCopy**](https://github.com/ing-Studios-Web-Labs/infinitecopy) and [**Calculite**](https://github.com/ing-StudiosOfficial/calculite). All my web projects (my favourite stuff to do) can be found in the collection of repos. Thanks for reading, open to dev requests and happy to contribute, just email me at [**ingstudiosofficial@gmail.com**](mailto:contact@ingstudios.dev?subject=Developer%20Request).

![GitHub Card](https://githubcard.com/ingstudiosofficial.svg)

![Top Languages](https://githubcard.com/ingstudiosofficial.svg?d=65FEP4Ep)

[![Discord Presence](https://lanyard.cnrad.dev/api/1128648335096549487)](https://discord.com/users/1128648335096549487)

**Check out my portfolio ➡️ [https://leethana.is-a.dev](https://leethana.is-a.dev)**
**Other portfolio (OS themed) ➡️ [https://leethana.ingstudios.dev](https://leethana.ingstudios.dev)**

## What I have made so far
1. [**Examduler**](https://github.com/ingStudiosOfficial/examduler)
2. [**Calculite**](https://github.com/ingStudiosOfficial/calculite)
3. [**Cordfriend AI**](https://github.com/ingStudiosOfficial/cordfriendai)
4. More of my published projects below in my collection of repos!

## What I'm working on
I'm working on a Java based browser called [**Turtlebrowse**](https://github.com/ingStudiosOfficial/turtlebrowse). Also playing around with web tech with projects such as [**leethanaOS**](https://github.com/ingStudiosOfficial/leethanaos).

# Thanks for all your support :p

[Cool game](https://github.com/czl9707/gh-space-shooter)

![My GitHub Game](ingStudiosOfficial-gh-space-shooter.gif)
